feat: security group module (#2)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-security-group: examples/complete/README.md

# Complete example to create security group and security group rule

A complete example that creates a security group and security group rule

> This example uses the IBM Cloud terraform provider to:
>  - Create a new resource group if one is not passed in.
>  - Create a new security group if one is not passed in
>  - Create security group rules in the newly created security group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the IBM Cloud Terraform provider to create the following infrastructure:
 - A resource group, if one is not passed in.
 - A security group, if one is not passed in
 - Security group rules in the newly created security group
```
